all right hi everyone thanks for
watching I'm making this video about the
seymour duncan antiquity to strap
pickups
I just put these in a recent strap build
the guitar you see here I'm really happy
with them and one of the reasons I chose
them was because of all the good videos
on YouTube and I thought I'd contribute
one give it my two cents and also
because the seymour duncan forums and
some of the other guitar forums had said
good things about them so i've only got
the mic on this small camera and a plain
direct into a fender hot rod deluxe but
i'll noodle around on this kind of make
it up as I go and hopefully you like it
so I'll start with the neck position and
I'll work my way through and I'll do
something similar in the fourth position
and the middle position and in the
second position and in the bridge
position and I'll come back and I'll
play some clean riffs
okay that was the neck
now into the middle
into the second
and finally the bridge
okay and now I'll place some ninth
chords I'll play it in the fourth
position you can hear more of the quack
all right we'll do the same in the
middle and the second again will be
another quack position and finally the
bridge
okay and I didn't mention it earlier
these are all basically neck pickups I
did not choose the reverse wound middle
or the hop bridge all right we go back
and I'm just gonna play some minor
chords
okay I'll do the same in the fourth
position
in the middle position
you
and in the second position
and finally into the bridge position
all right and then I've got a all blues
rat chance a blues rat hanging around
here I'm just gonna play a few riffs on
there I'll play it in a I'll do like a
blues thing just real quick just like
lead notes
all right and then in fourth position
and middle position and in the second
position
and in the bridge
all right now go back and just play some
first position riffs court
you
middle
second
and then an Bridge
all right thank you for watching and I
hope to help